Jbl/streamslib (#71)
ZEISS/libczi: Src/libCZI/Doc/using_libCZI.markdown

The complete operation is depicted here:

![multi-channel-composite from a (scaled) tile-composite](ScalingSingleChannelTileAccessor1.png "scaled_multi-channel-composite1")
@image latex ScalingSingleChannelTileAccessor1.png "multi-channel-composite from a (scaled) tile-composite"

## stream objects

> All input/output operations in libCZI are done through stream objects. Stream objects are used by the CZIReader to access the data in a CZI-file.

Reviewer: Optional Markdown convention:
One sentence per line

Reviewer: Specifically the start of a new sentence (without any additional spacing requirements), gets its own line

Author: Good idea, thanks, appreciated - I'll consider this in the future.

The stream object is an abstraction of a random-access stream.   
libCZI defines three different stream objects - read-only streams, write-only streams and read-write streams. The respective 
interfaces are: IStream, IOutputStream and IInputOutputStream.
libCZI provides implementations for reading from a file and for writing to a file in the file-system.  
In addition, there is an experimental implementation for reading from an http(s)-server. This implementation is based on [libcurl](https://curl.se/libcurl/) and allows 

> to read from a CZI-file which is located on a web-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reading from a CZI-file which is located on a web-server.
```
